What l'd like to do today is
get your version of what happened.
- You mean the truth?
- Of course.
First, just state your name and
your occupation for the record.
Egg Shen, bus driver.
Bus driver.
What kind of bus and where, please?
Tour bus. Bus for tourists.
San Francisco Chinatown.
Thank you. Now, before we get
to the meat of this thing,
do you at the present time
have any knowledge
of the whereabouts of
a Mr Jack Burton or his truck?
- Oh, God. WiIl you Ieave him alone?
- Mr Shen, pIease.
You couId be in a great deal of troubIe.
Half a city block
expIodes in a baIl of green flame.
Green fIame! AIl heIl is breaking loose here.
And there are peopIe
who say you're involved,
that you might be responsible,
that you're a very dangerous man.
- Now, if you're protecting Jack Burton...
- You Ieave Jack Burton aIone!
We are in his debt.
He showed great courage.
OK.
But if l'm gonna be your attorney,
there are a few things I have to know
that stiIl don't make any sense to me.
Like...
do you reaIly believe in magic?
You mean Chinese black magic?
- Yes.
- AbsoIutely.
Are you stiIl serious about this? And
monsters and ghosts as welI, I suppose?
Sure. And sorcery.
And I suppose that you expect me
to beIieve in sorcery as weIl?
- Of course.
- Why?
Because it's reaI.
How can I know that, Mr Shen?
- How?
- Yes, how? Help me out here.
Please.
See? That was nothing.
But that's how it always begins.
Very smalI.
This is Jack Burton at the Pork-Chop Express
and l'm talkin' to whoever's listenin'.
lt's Iike I toId my last wife.
l says "Honey,
l never drive faster than I can see."
"Besides that, it's alI in the refIexes."
You just Iisten to the Pork-Chop Express and
take his advice on a dark and stormy night.
When some wild-eyed maniac
grabs your neck,
taps the back of your head
up against a barroom waIl,
he looks you crooked in the eye
and asks you if you've paid your dues,
you just stare that big sucker
back in the eye,
and remember what Jack Burton
aIways says.
"Have you paid your dues, Jack?"
"Υes, sir, the check is in the maiI."
WeIl, you see, I'm not sayin' that l've been
everywhere and l've done everything.
But I do know it's a pretty
amazing pIanet we live on here,
and a man would have to be some kinda
fool to think we're aIl alone in this universe.
l can't believe you're stuck on even.
This is odd!
AlI right, even! Another even! Come on!
You want one more? AIl right!
- What do we got? He can't count.
- Even!
Learn how to play some fan-tan here,
buddy-boy!
Three!
Heaven and earth, boys. What can I telI ya?
You like that one?
What did he say, Wang? ln English?
Something about beginner's luck.
lt doesn't translate. But he quits.
He quits? What is this? lt's a brand-new day
and he's stilI got 100 bucks in his pocket.
l'm not gonna complain, because l'lI bet l'd
have lost my shirt in the next 20 minutes.
Breaks my heart to do this,
but the next time l'm down here,
you'lI gang up on Jack so fast
he won't know what the heIl happened.
- No.
- Ah, sure. Easy come, easy go, Wang.
No!
Not next time. Now.
ls this gonna get ugly now? I hope not.
l thought what we were here,
racial differences aside,
was a coupIa old friends,
both of us CaIifornians.
Shit, Wang. lt's only a game.
Nothin' or doubIe.
This knife cuts this bottIe in half.
- Nothin' or doubIe.
- BulIshit.
- Why, man? Don't be stupid.
- I need the money.
- I got near a thousand bucks here, Wang.
1,148, Jack.
OK. But not that bottIe.
This bottle.
OK.
You're outta your mind, Wang.
God bIess ya!
- lt's alI in the reflexes.
- lt aIways works at home.
Have me over for dinner some year
and prove it.
ln the meantime, pay up: $1,148 times two.
- I don't have that kind of money.
- I didn't hear that.
l'm just a poor Chinese boy, you know?
You own a restaurant. That's more than me.
Yeah, right. What I meant was,
l don't got that kind of money on me.
That's what I thought you meant.
Where's your truck?
- I gotta go somewhere.
- No, you don't.
l do. How about we meet in my restaurant
in a few hours? I pay then.
- You pay now. Where you gotta go?
- The airport.
- Yeah, right. Over my dead body.
- lf need be.
- l'Il folIow you.
- You don't trust me? That makes me sad.
- lt reminds me of an oId Chinese joke.
- Save it. I'Il give you a lift. Get in.
- You were gonna foIlow me, Jack.
- I know, then I came to my senses.
- So who are we pickin' up?
- A girI. I don't wanna talk about it.
- A girI? Where from?
- Peking.
This is a big day in my Iife. I shouId
have gone home and gotten 40 winks.
A girI from China?
AlI right, I never done that.
l picked up girIs from everywhere else,
but never from China. ls she pretty?
- l'm gonna marry her, Jack.
- Oh, God!
l've known her since we were kids.
l haven't seen her in five years.
l came here aIone.
l worked my fingers tiIl they bled.
Before you knew me, I sIept on the floor.
l saved every nickeI to bring her here
because I love her so much.
l can't eat, sIeep or think properly
without her any more.
She'lI put my whole life in order.
Boy, Iisten to me. ReaI tough guy.
You sound a little nervous, pal.
That's why the bottle didn't slice. My mind
and my spirit are goin' north and south.
Flight number 26 has just arrived
at gate number seven.
Whoa. Who is that?
She has green eyes.
You know how rare that is, Jack?
- How can you teIl from here?
- Not her. She's trouble. Miao Yin.
Beautiful green eyes, like creamy jade.
Trouble, huh?
- Can I ask you a serious question?
- AbsoIutely not.
Would you consider jumping right into...
Sure, but not with a man in your condition.
- What's wrong with my condition?
- Try standing downwind where I am.
lt's MilIer time.
You know what I say when it's MiIler time?
Wait a minute!
- Don't!
- Don't what?
The Lords of Death. Street gang. Punks
from Chinatown. What are they doing here?
Tara!
Miao Yin!
Excuse me.
Let's you and me have a littIe talk, friend.
What?
Where'd you get that?
Wait a minute, paI.
Get that one!
Come on, Jack!
Where?
CalI the cops!
Son of a bitch must pay!
What's goin' on, Wang?
Why'd they steal your girI?
You teIl me! How come it's not safe to walk
in CentraI Park or to give a stranger a Iift?
Because the world's fuIl of crazy peopIe.
The American girl knew something was up.
Stay away from her. She's a lawyer.
She's a what? Oh, come on!
- What the helI...?
- They got a clubhouse where they hang out.
- To sharpen their knives?
- I can't ask you to...
- Where is it?
- Thank you, Jack.
Good morning, Iadies and gentlemen.
l am Mr Egg Shen, with this wonderful tour.
Sit back and enjoy yourseIves, see?
Long time ago, Chinese men with
gold-rush fever flooded into California.
We calI Gum Shan - Mountain of GoId, see?
Leaving behind their wives and chiIdren.
Working for years to compIete
the transcontinentaI railroad,
saving alI their pennies.
And then they sent for their famiIies
to heIp build this beautifuI Chinatown
you see outside your window
this fine warm day.
- Go right, down that aIley. Lords of Death!
- What aIley?
Go right! Now!
- Where the helI are we?
- Come on, Jack.
Excuse me, ma'am.
l don't suppose you saw a...
No.
Keep moving.
- What is it? A parade?
- A funeraI.
- A fighting tong. They're Chang Sings.
- A fighting tong?
Don't panic, Jack.
They're OK. They're good guys.
Maybe we should try a different alIey.
What do you say?
Wang, these guys, these Sing Dings.
They got enemies?
- Wing Kong.
- Who wear red turbans?
Holy shit!
These guys are animals, Jack.
- What's happening, Wang?
- Chinese standoff.
A what?
Don't make a sound.
Who's that?
No questions! Just get outta here, Jack!
Jack!
- I think it was Lo Pan.
- Who?
- Don't look, Jack!
- I aIready did.
- Who? I mean, what?
- Lo Pan. Come on!
- I can't see!
- lt's OK. It's onIy temporary. Over here.
Bend over.
Yeah, yeah.
l ran straight through him, Wang.
How the heIl did I do that?
- You didn't. lt only appeared that way.
- Right!
- Lords of Death, Jack.
- OK, l'm goin' home. Keep your money.
- Hey, Wang Chi!
- Lookin' for us?
- They know your name.
- That's not good. Let's go!
- My truck!
- Forget it!
Lords of Death controIled by the Wing Kong,
Jack. Just errand boys for the Wing Kong.
Great! Who wiped out alI those
yeIlow turbans? Those guys were winning.
He says it was the Storms.
The Three Storms.
Three guys did aIl that? Listen.
What about that...
whatever it was I ran straight through?
Fast!
Lucky us. We made it.
AlI right, where's my truck? l'm outta here.
lsn't your truck insured?
- Of course it is.
- Then smart man gets it Iater.
Smart man calIs the cops.
- Cops got better things to do than get kiIled.
- So do l!
Mutual Fidelity lnsurers of Sacramento.
WeIl, there's gotta be a listing, honey.
l pay 'em six G's a year in premiums.
China is here, Mr Burton.
The Chang Sing, the Wing Kong.
- They've been fighting for centuries.
- What does that mean? "China is here"?
l don't know what that means.
AlI I know is,
this Lo Pan character comes out of thin air
in the middle of an alIey, while his buddies
fly around, cuttin' everybody to shreds,
and he stands there, waiting for me
to drive my truck straight through him,
- with Iight comin' out of his mouth!
- Jack, pIease.
- When did this happen?
- lt didn't, not Iike he says.
Yeah, it did. Two hours ago. TaIl guy, weird
clothes. First you see him, then you don't.
Lo Pan appeared on the street?
- Why didn't you telI me?
- I didn't want to alarm you, Uncle.
l'm gonna telI you about an accident
and I don't wanna hear "act of God", OK?
AlI right, Iook. What's your name?
Mine's Jack Burton.
- Good afternoon, Mr Wong.
- Eddie Lee, meet my friend, Jack Burton.
- Eddie's the new maître d' here.
- And a whoIe Iot more.
WeIl, I don't know my poIicy number.
lt's in the glove compartment.
Just Iook under B-U-R-T-O-N, wiIl ya?
- Jack Burton?
- Yeah.
Boy. The guy you always toId me about.
- Then that was your abandoned truck.
- Abandoned, like heIl!
HelIo. HeIlo?
Oh, Christ!
Bad news. The Lords of Death
stoIe it after you ran away.
- They stole my truck?
- Take it easy, Jack. You're with friends.
- We'lI find it for you.
- Damn right you wilI.
And my money. And time is money
to a guy like me.
And your phone is dead, by the way.
-How do you think I feeI? I Iost a whoIe girl!
-The Lords of Death were onIy on a joyride.
Not acting on orders from the Wing Kong.
They just wanted a girI to seIl
and Miao Υin got in the way.
Plus, the skirmish you guys stumbled into.
Lo Pan, the word is, ordered the boss of
the Chang Sings, Mr Lem Lee, assassinated.
- That was his funeral.
- lt was a war, Eddie.
- What are you doing here?
- Don't panic. It's onIy me, Gracie Law.
Great.
Just passing the neighborhood
on a dark and stormy night?
- This is my neighborhood.
- Sure it was a war.
And anybody that showed up
was gonna join Lem Lee
in the helI of being cut to pieces.
- HelI of being what?
- The Chinese have a lotta heIls.
And what the helI is Gracie Law doing here?
She can't get enough of me.
He wishes. Look, you know me.
l'm always pokin' my nose where it
doesn't belong and, I admit it,
this mix-up is my fault, sort of.
But I have it on good advice that the punks
that jumped me and took his truck,
they took the girI they kidnapped to the
White Tiger's for a quick saIe. Who was she?
- My fiancée. The White Tiger's?
- Oh, God. l'm sorry.
lf we go tonight, we can buy her back.
A warrant's too complicated,
- vioIence out of the question...
- Hold it! SIow down.
- l'm feelin' like an outsider here.
- You are!
Jack, listen. I need more of your heIp.
l can't pay you today, OK?
- Shit.
- How can l? I need the cash for Miao Yin.
- And it's gonna cost. She's got green eyes.
- Seriously? That's an extra.
lt's Iike leather bucket seats:
doubIe the price.
- Look, this Lo Pan I ran over... through...
- Has spirit-medium powers.
Like the immortals.
His flesh and his bones are atomized.
He becomes the dream.
- What?
- That's an exaggeration, Jack, I promise.
Please, heIp me.
l got a great idea.
- Relax.
- I am reIaxed.
Look, this is as far as I go,
because l'm a dead giveaway, see?
l'd go in there with you, but they know
my face and they'd wanna push it in.
- Not whiIe I'm around.
- lt's alI up to you now, Jack.
My destiny rests in your capable hands.
- l'Il do my best.
- Make them drop their guard.
- l'Il try.
- Look stupid.
He does.
Boy, it sure is rainin' cats and dogs.
The cab driver said...
He toId me that I could...
WeIl, that the White Tiger wouId...
Just a minute, please.
Excuse me for a second, guys.
l think I know that car.
What's she doing now?
Strange girl.
That buiIding there. The White Tiger.
God, it's creepy. Do we have to go in?
Because I wiIl, if we have to.
l'Il go anywhere or do anything
to get my story. It's my big break.
Just sit tight. We've got one of our
best men inside right now, stirring the pot.
How do you do, ma'am? Henry Swanson's
my name and excitement's my game.
- Cash or charge?
- Gosh! Cash, I guess.
l mean, it's not deductibIe, is it?
Mrs O'Toole wilI take care of your needs.
Boy, I wish these were in coIor.
Because what I reaIly am
in the mood for is a girl with green eyes.
And price is no object, Mrs O'TooIe.
Fresh off the boat's the way I like 'em.
The more exotic the better.
Chinese girIs do not come with green eyes.
- Too long. Let's go in.
- lt's only been ten minutes.
Give the guy a chance.
- So how Iong you been in the US of A?
- Three months.
- Where from?
- Hong Kong.
What happens? You stay here a while?
Old girls Ieave, new girls come in?
Maybe. Take your tie off, pIease.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
My wife gave it to me for Christmas.
Holy shit!
Green explosions? People fIyin' in and out?
That was not reaI. I wanna talk to the cops.
l want my truck back.
Now where the helI am I?
- My office. Sit down.
- You sIeep in your office?
What I need to get straight is...
These Storms, what are they? Magicians?
- Yeah, sort of. lt's hard to explain.
- Try reaI hard.
lf the Storms have Miao Υin,
there's one place they'd go.
Lo Pan. The godfather of Little China,
Mr David Lo Pan.
You mean the Lo Pan that's
chairman of the National Orient Bank
and owns the Wing Kong Trading Company,
but who's so reclusive
that no one has laid eyes on him in years?
Who the helI are you, anyway?
l'm Margo Litzenberger.
I'm with the Berkeley People's Herald.
l've been trying to get somebody from
the press to listen to me about this, Burton.
lt's not possible that you saw David Lo Pan.
The bastard's afraid to show his face.
- He's got more enemies...
- He's got Miao Yin. l'm going!
- Are you nuts?
- Who's that?
lt's OK, Tara. Υou can go back to sIeep.
- From the airport.
- This morning, sure.
That's why I was there. I was protecting her
civiI rights, making sure she gets a chance.
This is just so shocking. I mean,
l must just be so monumentaIly naive.
- You are.
- Now we have to grab your fiancée...
Wait a minute! l'm a reasonabIe guy,
but l've experienced
some unreasonabIe things.
- lt depends on how you Iook at it.
- The helI it does! So somebody
- teIl me what is goin' on!
- The truth?
- I can take it.
- We don't know.
- l'm going now, aIone if I have to!
- Where? lt's pouring out.
- Lo Pan's. The Wing Kong Exchange.
- The Wing Kong Exchange?
The most dangerous den of madmen
in Chinatown? You can't waltz in Iike...
Like the wind. Yes, I can, Miss Law.
My mind and my spirits are as one.
- As two. I said I was comin'.
- l'd go with you...
l know. There's a probIem with your face.
OK! You peopIe sit tight, hoId the fort
and keep the home fires burning.
lf we're not back by dawn,
caIl the president.
- This is gonna take crackerjack timing.
- Total concentration. Υou ready, Jack?
l was born ready.
l Iove working nights.
Don't get up. Phone company.
AlI right, boys, where's the main paneI?
ProbabIy through here.
Wang.
Good work, Jack.
l think they actuaIly felI for it.
WeIl, last time we had this problem was
on account of squirrels chewin' the wires.
- l'd better locate the central junction box.
- I think it's down there.
What does that say?
- HelI of boiling oiI.
- You're kidding!
Yeah, I am. lt says "Keep out."
We've got to do something!
Goat butts against a hedge
and its horns become entangled.
- I don't think l've had the pIeasure.
- Miss Gracie Law, Mr Egg Shen.
Egg's kind of our IocaI authority on Lo Pan.
- He's helping us out.
- lt has been almost two hours.
- Let's go over there, beat down the door...
- No, Miss Law.
We have to gather our strength,
because now there's cIouds and thunder.
The image of difficulty at the beginning.
But finalIy we shaIl bring order out of chaos.
- Look.
- Yeah.
What you got here is two
peopIe dragging a third.
Miao Yin!
- You did that, right?
- I guess so. I hope so.
Jack, check this out.
So what is this? Chinese or somethin'?
- Countin' backwards?
- Not backwards. Downwards.
Of course the Chinese mix everything up.
Look at what they have to work with.
There's Buddhism, Confucianism
and Taoist alchemy and sorcery.
We take what we want and leave the rest.
Just Iike your saIad bar.
But there is one thing
even David Lo Pan must acknowledge.
AlI movement in the universe
is caused by tension
between positive and negative furies.
- So when the furies are out of baIance...
- As they are in Lo Pan, who is cursed.
Then the people
turn into demons and live for ever.
Repulsive and evil,
existing only to pIague the Iiving.
WeIl then, what you're saying is
this David Lo Pan... What is he? A ghost?
Plays at being a man.
A creature of vast, dark, destructive power.
AlI right, out this hatch and up the cabIe.
Does that sound like a briIliant idea or what?
The cabIe is three stories high
and covered with grease.
Exactly. It's reaI and we can touch it,
so at least we know where we stand.
Yeah, in deep shit.
- What?
- What the helI...?
- Shit!
- See?
You think they'd Iet us
walk in and out Iike the wind?
Yes.
l thought that was your whoIe damn point!
My point was to find Miao Yin at any cost!
- This is saIt water, Wang.
- And get your truck back!
- l'Il buy another one.
- But there's onIy one Miao Yin!
Jesus Christ! Where are we?
HelI of the upside-down sinners!
Hey, you! Come on over here
and fight like a man!
Shit, Jack. I don't like the Iooks of this.
- Where are we, Wang?
- You are nowhere!
Oh, boy.
Look, we came here to see David Lo Pan,
aIl right?
David Lo Pan?
- Then you have succeeded, Mr Burton.
- What, you?
- I don't get this at alI. I thought...
- Shut up, Mr Burton!
- You are not put upon this worId to "get it".
- Come on! Lo Pan is like...
Nothing you can understand.
There are many mysteries and unanswerable
questions, even in a life as short as yours.
The way I see it, it doesn't mean
we shouldn't ask. Where's my truck?
You are not Iooking for a truck. You're
looking for a girl. A girI with green eyes.
- Yes.
- She must be something extraordinary.
Or l'm not about to waste
another 2,000 years.
There can't be many Chinese girls
with green eyes these days.
- There are not. Never were.
- So beggars can't be choosers.
But I can!
TeIl me about Miao Yin.
What province is she from? Hunan?
Her mother? Her father?
He must be a hoIy man. I must know.
You got a tongue, Dave. Ask her yourseIf.
Mr Burton, if you have an infIuence over
your youthful friend, you better exert it now.
Otherwise I wiIl send both of you to
the helI where people are skinned alive.
lt's that simple. Understand?
- Are you crazy? ls that your probIem?
- No, he means it, Jack.
My problem is this pIace.
This pIace is my tomb. l'm buried here.
A young man, a king, a warrior,
is entombed in this old man's crippled body.
And alI I need is a woman, Mr Burton,
a special kind of woman
with dragon-green eyes,
to make me whole and young again,
so that I may
ruIe the universe from beyond the grave.
- Ch'ing-ti. The God of the East.
- Who, him? This guy?
No, not me, Mr Burton.
My demon. The god I must appease
in order to regain my heart, my bIood.
A girI with green eyes to satisfy Ch'ing-ti,
a girI brave enough
to embrace the naked bIade.
- When I find her, I wilI marry her.
- Never!
Ch'ing-ti wilI be happy and my curse lifted.
You can ruIe the universe
from beyond the grave.
- lndeed!
- Or check into a psycho ward.
Whichever comes first.
What, I'm supposed to buy this shit?
2,000 years
and he can't find a broad to fit the bilI?
Come on, Dave, you must be doin'
somethin' seriousIy wrong.
There have been others, to be sure.
There are aIways others, are there not?
You seem to be one who knows
the difficulties between men and women,
how seIdom it works out.
And yet we aIl keep trying, like fools.
Who are these peopIe? Friends of yours?
Now this realIy pisses me off to no end!
- Come on, stick around!
- Where's Miao Υin? ln this buiIding?
- Safe.
- Where is she?
Safe.
Safer with me than any creature on earth!
Go ahead. You want bad pubIicity?
Give us the run-around.
But this woman has a deadline,
and her pen is mightier than your sword.
- Yeah.
- No visitors.
- I don't make the policy around here.
- Come on, man! Give 'em a tour.
What's it gonna hurt?
l can help you.
- Are you OK, Jack?
- Yeah.
We're in a room.
No windows, a few skeIetons.
- Where's the Iight coming from?
- The floor.
With the easing of trade restrictions,
next year we'Il start importing
a Iot of strange things from Peking.
What sort of strange things?
Are we going up or down?
lt feeIs Iike down.
Great. Thank you, Jack.
l think we've come up. First we went down.
Now they've brought us up.
Two, three feet thick, I'lI bet. Probably
welded shut and covered with brick by now.
- Don't give up, Jack.
- OK. Let's just chew our way outta here!
Lo Pan has plans for us,
or we'd be dead doornails.
Which Lo Pan? LittIe old basket case
on wheeIs, or the ten-foot-taIl roadblock?
- One and the same person, Jack.
- You know something you're not telIin' me.
Myths and Iegends.
- I don't wanna insult you.
- No, no. Go ahead.
lnsult me.
lt's about aIl sorts of scary things:
an ancient army of the dead,
the Spirit City and monkey sacrifices.
The First Sovereign Emperor of China,
that mad monarch who federated our
seven warring states, defeated Lo Pan
and imposed upon him
that horribIe curse of no fIesh in 272 BC.
A lot of Chinese hear these things
when we're kids, then we grow up,
and pretend not to believe them.
- No horseshit, Wang.
- No horseshit, Jack.
l don't bIame you. I'm Chinese and I don't
even wanna believe it, but it's for reaI.
Sorcery, the Chinese black magic.
Blindfolds!
You make one move...
Now, Iet's try that again.
Don't make me kilI you, tough guy.
Come on, Jack!
- Come on!
- How?
- Great work, Jack.
- Yeah.
We're aIl in: me, Gracie and Margo.
Uncle Chu and Egg
are in Egg's bus, ready to get us out.
- Right.
- Here, Jack.
l'Il trade ya.
AlI right, which way?
Fast, before they wake up.
There, I think. Down there.
No pathetic excuses.
l smeIl the blood of human beings. Find
them. BoiI them untiI their fIesh falIs off.
You heard me!
Empty.
l need you, Miao Yin.
You, whose eyes flash
like emerald lightning.
Ch'ing-ti, make me flesh again soon.
Please.
Let's go. lt's cIear.
Safety!
Wang!
First time you ever plugged somebody?
- Course not.
- Come on!
You wanna go up or down?
- Up or down?
- Up.
AlI has become strange.
A worId so unreaI and yet,
at once, so frightening.
Open up or l'lI bIow his head off!
Open! Or he dies in the name of Ch'ing-ti
and your souIs speed with his
to the heIl of the oily dragon!
- You alI right?
- Yeah.
- Margo!
- Jack!
- Where's Gracie?
- On the fIoor next door. She's a wildcat.
- How are you gonna spring us?
- I have no idea.
That way maybe.
Wang, haul ass!
Come on, keep movin'!
Margo, jump in!
- ln there? Are you nuts?
- Go!
- Where's Margo?
- I don't know.
Where are we?
- Where's Eddie?
- Beats me.
Where's Jack?
Jack!
Jack?
- Sorry, l'm just thrilIed to be aIive.
- Yeah, sure. Let's go.
- lt's Iike some giant garbage disposal.
- I think it is, sort of.
WilI you just stop rubbing
your body up against mine?
l can't concentrate when you do that.
What a pig you are, Burton! I mean, realIy!
- Where's Jack?
- lt's OK. Everybody reIax. I'm here.
Jack, I know where we are.
This is a central... what do you calI it?
- Sewer?
- Yeah. Water comes in up there.
Seawater from the bay fiIls this room.
They divert it
through pipes to different chambers.
l bet up there's where
we first got on that elevator.
AlI right, we're aImost outta here.
From here on, it gets normaI.
Offices, storerooms: a nice false front.
l count to three, open the door, and we go.
- Everybody got that?
- Ready?
FoIlow the Ieader. One, two, three.
We may be trapped.
Hide!
- Hide?
- Hide! They onIy saw me!
We fight together, Jack. Do or die.
Time to go.
The bus is right outside in the parking Iot.
Here's the deaI. I run interference and
you bring up the rear. Can you handIe that?
Can you?
WeIl, what a night's work!
You got a probIem like that again,
- you reach for the sky!
- Let's go!
Come on, come on.
- You're doin' real good, guys.
- Come on, Jack!
Let's go! Open the doors!
- Hurry!
- Move it, Egg!
Duck!
We made it. HoIy shit, we made it!
- Where's Miao Υin?
- lnside.
Somewhere inside.
Where's Gracie?
Put me down, you overstuffed monster!
Let me go! Let me go!
What does it mean?
Two girls with green eyes?
After alI these years.
You bastards! Unchain me! You're not
gonna get away with this. Where's Lo Pan?
This one has fire as welI!
Listen,
l've had it up to here with you maniacs.
l wanna see that disgusting
flesh-peddIer David Lo Pan in person.
Unless the coward's afraid to see
an unarmed girI one-on-one!
Where is he?
You know what this is? This is Iike
some radical Αlice ln Wonderland.
That's what this is.
Then you've got a best selIer on your hands.
CalI the police. You're not a one-man army.
Cops got better things to do than get kiIled.
Here he is, Jack.
No, these are our friends.
These are the Chang Sings.
- Any of 'em savvy EngIish?
- Hey, man. Who is this guy?
AlI right. You got any guns?
Not against Lo Pan, but here's one for you
to make you feel better, like Dirty Harry.
l'Il stick with these.
You comin' with us, Egg?
Of course, Jack. lt's my destiny. Besides,
if I don't you'Il never make it out alive.
- l'm on board too then.
- Yeah, sure, kid.
- You can't keep the press out. It's America.
- You're not going back there.
You're stayin' here
with Eddie and UncIe Chu.
- Eddie? But he's...
- He's got a crush on you.
-You mean Iike you've got on Gracie?
-Are you kidding?
l just want my truck back.
What do I know?
She's not even your type. AlI brains.
Come on, Iet's go!
Play your cards right,
you live to talk about it.
Oh, boy.
Are you OK? Are you Miao Yin?
Yes. Miao Υin.
- Who are you?
- Lo Pan.
You have come to seek me out
with your green eyes.
Yes.
- No, no.
- Yes.
- What's going on here? Some kind of...?
- Magic. The darkest magic.
My souI swims in it, scattered across time,
trapped in the world of formIessness.
UntiI I find her and marry her.
Marry her?
The girl with green eyes.
The girl who can tame the burning blade.
Miao Yin or Grace Law.
- Great start. It's the other way.
- The front door wilI get you nowhere.
Here, Iet me hoId that.
A brave man Iikes to feel nature on his face.
And a wise man has enough sense
to get in out of the rain.
- He lives here?
- He owns the bIock. He's a rich guy.
- Rich? This place is a dump, Wang.
- To Western eyes.
The stuff in these bottles is priceless.
WeIl, aIl set?
Yeah. Ready when you are, Egg.
- Jack next.
- Where does it go?
- Down. Lo Pan is down there.
- Down where?
- Where is the universe?
- Come on, Jack. Don't be afraid.
Afraid? Are you kidding?
- Where in the helI are we?
- Underneath Chinatown.
That is not water.
Black blood of the earth.
- Do you mean oiI?
- I mean bIack bIood of the earth.
A thousand years ago, huge earthquakes
turned the worId upside down.
Many normaI peopIe were kilIed.
Many unnatural people roam free
to commit great offenses against the gods.
They have survived the burning blade,
tamed the savage heart.
l wiIl marry both women.
Prepare them.
What is that?
- lt sounds Iike...
- Something breathing underwater?
Yeah.
You wilI come out no more!
What? What'lI come out no more?
Come on.
Dammit!
Miao Yin?
Hey, Wang!
- Egg!
- Jack, come on!
lt's OK, Jack. Wing Kong storeroom.
Emergency provisions.
We're inside Lo Pan's domain.
Christ!
Later.
We're getting cIose. Real cIose.
And now for some more bad news. Ready?
- This gets worse? Come on!
- 2,258 years ago
the First Sovereign Emperor...
He subjugated Lo Pan,
made him of no fIesh.
- OnIy an eviI dream.
- Get to the goddamn point, Egg.
ln order to be whoIe again, he had to find
this certain girl of his prophecy,
and marry her to appease
the God of the East.
But to appease the emperor,
he had to kilI her.
KiIl her? No!
WeIl, let's go. What are we taIkin'
Chinese history for when we gotta get...
We are getting ready
to strike the finaI bIow.
- lf we reach Lo Pan...
- When we reach Lo Pan.
..then the power in this fIask
wilI be our onIy hope
against the Bodhisattva of the underworld,
the uItimate evil spirit.
Yes. Only a dream can kiIl a dream.
l've waited for this for a Iong time, Jack.
The evil dream wiIl die.
Wing Kong outside.
- Were they reaI?
- Yeah. Dressed for Lo Pan's wedding.
What's in the fIask? Magic potion?
- Yeah.
- Thought so. Good. Do we drink it?
- Good. Thought so.
l am the past,
come back to haunt you, Lo Pan!
My God, no! PIease!
What is that? Don't teIl me.
A guardian. What it sees, Lo Pan knows.
They have returned.
And this time they are not aIone.
Egg Shen is with them.
Little bastard sorcerer has brought them
through the Bog of the Dead Trees.
Egg Shen?
Egg Shen! You have come
a Iong ways to find me, but it is too Iate.
There are two girls with green eyes,
and I wiIl marry them both.
And then I wiIl sacrifice Gracie Law
to appease my emperor,
and Iive out my earthIy pIeasures
with Miao Yin.
That's right, Egg Shen.
The best of two worIds.
You never know tiIl you try.
Let's get outta here.
You know what I don't Iike?
Where is everybody?
Preparing for Lo Pan's wedding.
We should not be in here, not this easily.
lt's a setup, I'm telIin' ya.
Lo Pan is about to take his queen.
He's too busy to care.
So where is he, Egg? Where?
- Jack, here!
- What?
- HolIow.
- Fuck it.
- I know. It's an elevator. lt only goes down.
- Yeah, look.
- Hey, aIl right!
- Time for the medicine!
- Cheers!
- This does what again, exactIy?
Huge buzz.
Good!
You can see things no one eIse can see,
do things no one eIse can do.
- ReaI things?
- As reaI as Lo Pan.
- What more can a guy ask for?
- The six-demon bag!
Terrific. A six-demon bag.
SensationaI. What's in it, Egg?
Wind! Fire! AIl that kind of thing.
Here's to the army and navy
and the battIes they have won.
Here's to America's colors,
the coIors that never run.
May the wings of Iiberty
never lose a feather.
l feel pretty good. You know, I'm not...
l'm not scared at alI. I just feeI kind of...
- I feel kind of invincible.
- Me too.
- I got a very positive attitude about this.
- Good. Me too.
ls it gettin' hot in here, or is it just me?
Ch'ing-ti! Ch'ing-ti!
Great Ch'ing-ti, equaI with heaven,
come into our presence
and witness this hoIy matrimony.
- Miao Yin.
- And the ultimate eviI spirit.
And now, my beloved disciples,
the moment of truth.
The needIe of Iove.
- l'd like to shoot that bastard.
- Not untiI he's married.
- Then he's fIesh.
- Then it's too late.
Ch'ing-ti!
You, who shake the heavens
and descend from the east,
aIl I ask in order to conquer this universe
is that you grant me flesh and blood.
Yes! Guide my hand
as I insert this needle into Miao Yin.
Let him compIete the ceremony.
Then he is ours for certain!
Come, my love. Give it to me.
lt's working!
l'm mortal!
Look out, guys!
No way!
Come, Miao Υin, it won't hurt.
Shit!
Take her.
Peasant magic!
You never couId beat me, Egg Shen.
- lt's me.
- Are you alI right?
- Never mind me. We gotta get Lo Pan.
- Where is he?
Wang!
Come on.
PuIl it apart. Come on!
- Where does this go?
- Up. To Lo Pan's office. lt's cooler up there.
- From there we can...
- Do you have a gun, I hope?
- I have a knife.
- A knife? He's 12 feet talI!
Seven. Don't worry.
l can handIe him. I took something.
l can see things no one else can see.
- Why are you dressed like that?
- I was getting married.
He was marrying both of us,
just because my eyes are green too.
Oh, God. ls this reaIly happening?
- Look into my eyes.
- No! Never!
l have suffered so much pain and agony.
Look at me!
No! I don't understand.
l don't belong to you!
No, you don't. Υou belong to Ch'ing-ti.
l must sacrifice you,
but I Iove you and I need you.
No!
Here, take her! Take the bitch!
- Master, you are flesh!
- I am?
l am! lt worked!
Ch'ing-ti is appeased.
Now we must satisfy the First
Sovereign Emperor by destroying this!
Not so fast, gentIemen.
ls it too much to ask, Thunder?
KiIl him! For me!
lt won't soIve anything, Dave. Too many
peopIe have been droppin' like fIies aIready
and where's that gettin' us? Nowhere, fast.
Nah, you know what Jack Burton
aIways says at a time Iike this?
- Who?
- Jack Burton. Me!
Old Jack aIways says
"What the heIl?"
lt's a good knife.
Goodbye, Mr Burton.
lt's alI in the refIexes.
Wang!
You alI right?
- Hey, thanks.
- Wait a minute.
l don't think he's gonna stop!
Come on!
- We got a problem.
- There!
Come on, Jack!
Jump, Jack!
- This whole pIace is meIting!
- HelIo! HeIlo!
- How'd you get up there?
- lt wasn't easy! Stand aside!
Take it away!
Hang onto this.
Watch out, Wang Chi!
Go for it, Wang!
- Go!
- Come on, Jack, hurry!
There's my truck... My truck!
Get in.
- They took the key.
- Do you have a spare?
Course I do, but it's underneath the...
- What was that?
- 6.9 on the Richter scaIe. Hang on!
- Sorry.
- Don't you know how to drive this thing?
Relax.
Stop! Red Iight!
Take it easy. OK, we made it.
Yeah.
Look at that.
Doesn't that make you feeI good?
Terrific.
The light's green. You can go.
- What are you doin', Jack?
- l'Il be right back.
Where are you goin', Egg?
My work's done.
Lo Pan is dead
and the evil speIl's been lifted.
Years ago I promised myseIf
a Iong vacation.
lt is time to coIlect.
WeIl, why don't you go on over to China?
Visit the motherland?
WeIl, China's in the heart, Jack.
Wherever I go, she's with me.
- So what are you gonna caIl it?
- I don't know.
Maybe you can come over to my place Iater
and help me find a title?
- Here, Jack. Nothin' or triple.
- Nothin' or doubIe.
Triple. You earned it.
You're right, I did. Thanks, Wang.
WeIl, last chance. l'm a rich man now.
l can give up the open road,
seIl my truck, settIe down.
CouIdn't have that on my conscience.
The only way it might work
is if you buy a bigger truck
with a cozy littIe apartment
in back, just big enough for two.
That sounds pretty great. But sooner or Iater
l rub everybody the wrong way.
WeIl, let me think about it.
God, aren't you even
gonna kiss her goodbye?
No.
- See you around, Burton.
- Never can telI.
Bye, Jack.
We reaIly shook the pilIars of heaven,
didn't we, Wang?
- No horseshit, Jack.
- No horseshit.
You just Iisten to the Pork-Chop Express
and take his advice
on a stormy night, when the lightning's
crashin', the thunder's roarin',
and the rain's comin' down
in sheets thick as lead.
Remember what oId Jack Burton does
when the earth quakes
and the poison arrows faIl from the sky
and the piIlars of heaven shake.
Yeah, Jack Burton just looks that big old
storm right square in the eye and he says